[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>DEBBIE SOLARIS: I had two
extraterrestrial contact
experiences where I met up
with five Arcturian beings.
I was having massive downloads
about galactic history, star
races, astronomy.
Earth was created to be a living
library of different genetics
through many different
star systems.
A lot of people have
this misconception
that Pleiadians are all good--
not necessarily.
My understanding
with the Lyrans is
these are very open-hearted,
childlike people.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Which
is how they got hoodwinked.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
They got hoodwinked.
>>REGINA: We have to understand
that we have the genetics
of all of these species in us.
>>SOLARIS: Including Reptilian.
>>REGINA: Including reptilian.
This is going to be a
fun ride for everyone.
We're going to be
talking with Debbie
Solaris about the starseed
origins of humanity,
and which extraterrestrial
races most represent, work with,
and even interfere with
life here on Earth.
Debbie has had some
of her own experiences
and does intuitive
sessions with others
who have questions about
their origins as well.
And this conversation is
going to go into some of that.
Welcome.
>>SOLARIS: Thank you.
>>REGINA: And also, what I
love, which your work has really
compiled beautifully, is the
history of the galactic origins
of the species that
we carelessly bandy
about in today's world of
information, disinformation,
and misinformation.
So I thought it would be good to
have a nice, sane conversation
with you about all
of these species that
populate our galaxy.
>>SOLARIS: Oh yeah.
It's going to be really, super
interesting to talk about all
of it.
>>REGINA: I think
it's going to be.
First of all, how
did you originally
become fascinated
with star origins,
because that's not where
everybody naturally
gravitates in their life?
>>SOLARIS: Well, it's actually
through my own experiences.
I had two extraterrestrial
contact experiences in 2012.
And I noticed after I
had those experiences--
so they were out-of-body
experiences--
I was having massive downloads
about galactic history, star
races, astronomy, all
information that I never,
ever even known about before.
>>REGINA: Well, that's what
I was going to ask you.
Were you already studying and
curious about these things?
Or this just kind of came about?
>>SOLARIS: It just
kind of came about.
When I had the experience,
it was during dream time,
but it wasn't a dream.
It was definitely an
out of body experience
because everything seemed
like it was in hyper-reality.
And I did notice that I was
on board some sort of a craft.
And the energies
were very intense.
The colors were intense.
The details were intense.
>>REGINA: Was part of you
afraid or fighting it at all?
>>SOLARIS: Not at all
>>REGINA: Or, did it seem OK?
>>SOLARIS: Not at all.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
I never felt any fear.
I just felt maybe a
little bit of curiosity
and maybe some bewilderment,
like why, what--
where am I at?
Why am I here?
What's this?
And the ship was sentient.
So it was kind of like a
living being of its own.
It was directing me towards some
sort of a space where I met up
with five Arcturian beings.
>>REGINA: Well, Arcturians, to a
lot of people, come as guides--
>>SOLARIS: Exactly, yeah.
>>REGINA: --to humanity.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And it's not
an uncommon position
for them to have.
Now, I'll just toss out--
some people see them as kind
of very tall and oftentimes
blue in color, for example.
What was your experience
of the Arcturians?
And what did they show you?
>>SOLARIS: Well,
it was interesting.
When I approached the room,
I was already formulating
questions in my head.
And they were
answering my questions
even before I could finish
the question in my head.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SOLARIS: Which was pretty
int-- so they were definitely
tuning in to me telepathically.
And I was really
surprised at how
they were able to pick up
on my telepathic thoughts.
And as far as how
they looked, it
was really hard to
look at them directly
because their
frequency is so high.
And I got the impression that
they were actually pulling down
their frequency in order even
to have an interaction with me.
And they looked--
their auras were big.
That was the first thing
I noticed, was the auras.
There was colors in
the auras I had never
seen and our spectrum here.
So when you're in the
higher realms, you see--
there's a multitude of
even additional colors.
As many beautiful colors
as we have here on Earth,
there's a multitude
of those colors.
The other thing
that I noticed was
when I was glancing at them
kind of like in the periphery
or sideways, they had larger
heads, somewhat larger eyes.
The eyes had pupils and irises.
They weren't super tall.
I know some people talking
about Arcturians are tall.
These ones weren't tall.
I don't know.
Maybe they were pulling
down their frequency
to look less intimidating.
But they just seem like--
the energy that
emanated from them
was just love and acceptance.
And I felt very
comfortable with them.
>>REGINA: Well, OK.
So what begs a question
right now is, why you?
Why did this happen to you?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, that was one
of the first questions I ask.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, I was
like, why is it me?
And they told me that I
was part of their family,
that I have chosen to be on
Earth to do a great mission,
but I had forgotten.
And part of the reason
was because I had sent out
a prayer two weeks before asking
for assistance for the planet--
planet Earth.
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
And this came after that.
You didn't expect it
necessarily to come in this way.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, no.
Not at all.
I was--
>>REGINA: Well, now, what were
you doing in your ordinary
life--
your regular life?
What were you doing?
>>SOLARIS: I was actually a
health inspector for a lot
of years, which is a
very non-spiritual--
I worked for local government
down in Colorado Springs.
And I really had
an ordinary life.
>>REGINA: Governmental tract
with benefits and all of that.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
And I'm a prior Navy--
I'm a Navy veteran.
So I had that background.
So I was really not oriented
toward spirituality at all.
>>REGINA: OK.
We've got so much
to go through here--
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, I
know we got a lot.
>>REGINA: --because
I want to get
through the history of it all.
Now, we can start
where you want.
We can start with Lyra.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: I want to start with
where the humanoid story came
in, the Reptilian
story came in, and just
let you tell that
story of what happened.
And you had a
lifetime within there.
And tell your own-- interject
your own experience of what you
saw when you feel the
time is appropriate,
and what happened
to these races--
where they colonized
and so forth after.
So just tell us the story now.
>>SOLARIS: OK.
This is something
that I hear oftentimes
in my Akashic readings
because many of us
have had connections
with Lyra and Vega.
Lyra is called the home of human
consciousness for a reason.
The reason for that
is because, at least
in our particular galaxy
and in this universe,
it was where the experimentation
into physicality began.
So initially, before that, we
were all these etheric beings.
We were soul shards of source.
We were splitting
into Oversoul groups.
I always refer to
Galactic Center.
Galactic Center is kind
of where everything
began, where there
was this integration
of masculine and
feminine energies.
That's actually the
source template--
is the feminine
and the masculine.
So everything that we
see, even in Atlantis
and in future civilizations,
are based on that template.
Lyra also followed
the same template.
Lyra was created to be
a starting-off point
for sentient beings to be able
to experience physicality,
and to be able to experience
this separation from source.
Lyra was a very beautiful,
a very paradise-like
civilization.
It existed for thousands of
years in peace and unity.
However, even in Lyra, there
was two separate human races,
or humanoid races,
that were created.
So there was the white,
or Caucasian Lyrans
that were very tall beings.
They looked a little
bit more Nordic, maybe.
Those beings were more father,
god, consciousness oriented.
So they had more of a
push forward energy,
more physical energy.
The blue Vega beings were
more of a mother, goddess,
consciousness orientation.
So those beings, even though
they were highly technical,
had more interest in
reflection and spirituality.
And so kind of what happened
with the whole Lyra story
is kind of a lesson for
a lot of us, I think.
A lot of us, I think,
it's easy to fall
into complacency and naivety
when everything is going well.
When everything is
going well, it's
easy just to kind of take
it for granted and to not
be consciously aware of
what's happening around us.
That is what happened--
that's the Lyran and story.
OK?
The Lyrans-- and even to
a certain extent the Vega
beings--
felt that-- I think they
just kind of got complacent.
And so when the
Draconians that were
in the constellation next door--
so the Draconians were of
a different consciousness.
These were beings that
were originally kicked out
of a different universe.
And they ended up,
I think, somehow
got deposited and Draco.
OK?
They were not very happy
about that, obviously.
They felt that they were
an ancient race of beings.
They wanted to conquer
the galaxy at least,
if not the universe.
These beings saw Lyra.
And they pretty much
saw a sitting duck.
You know they saw
the Lyran system
and they thought, wow,
they got a lot of resources
on their planet.
We could use some
of those resources.
We're going to
conquer that system.
But they did it through
deception, which is really--
I think we're kind of
seeing the same themes--
>>REGINA: Oh yes.
>>SOLARIS: Even in today's--
>>REGINA: World.
>>SOLARIS: --world.
>>REGINA: Yes, very much so.
>>SOLARIS: So they
reached out to the Lyrans
and they wanted to
create some sort
of a treaty or an
agreement that they
were going to trade their
technology for the Lyran
resources.
And the Lyrans didn't
really vet them very well.
Or, they didn't
really think, OK,
why are these beings all of
a sudden interested in us?
They just saw the technology
and thought, oh yes, we could
really use better technology.
>>REGINA: Sounds like
some Earth people.
>>SOLARIS: I know.
>>REGINA: It sounds like us.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, it
does sound like us.
I mean, these people
were us at one time.
I mean, so they basically
just said, well,
they just kind of rushed
into this agreement
and allowed you know the access
to Lyra to the Draconian.
The Draconians used
that opportunity
to pretty much see where
their weak areas were.
And they ambushed.
It was probably the
most catastrophic event.
So they ambushed
the entire system.
Some of the planets
that were initially hit
was Avalon, Avion, Bela.
And there was a few others.
It was so catastrophic
that, I think,
Lyssa Royal Holt says
that 50 million Lyrans
lost their lives.
I have my own personal memories
of what happened in Lyra.
>>REGINA: OK.
Let's talk about that.
And talk about the nature and
physicality of the Draconians.
>>SOLARIS: Oh absolutely.
>>REGINA: Tell us
about them and then
tell us about your
personal experience.
>>SOLARIS: OK.
There's a certain caste system
within the Draconian races.
So there's more than just
one type of Draconian.
I think a lot of people
just tend to lump them into,
oh yeah, they're lizards.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SOLARIS: But there is
actually a higher caste,
which was the dragons,
who were more--
to my understanding
were more neutral.
So they weren't really the
hard harbingers of the war.
>>REGINA: They weren't
the warrior class.
>>SOLARIS: No, the warrior
class is the next level.
There was a rivalry between the
dragon caste and the warrior
caste.
The warrior caste
always felt like, well,
why are they top tier?
We should be top tier.
If we conquer many
different systems,
maybe we can topple them
off of their position.
>>REGINA: Now, are these more
of what we would understand
is classic
Reptilian-looking beings.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
And then there's
lower reptilians.
So there's reptilians
whose genetics
were used maybe for
some of the reptiles
here on Earth that were
back in the dinosaur ages.
So these--
>>REGINA: Even getting into
the common creatures of today--
alligators, crocodiles,
and so forth.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, absolutely.
>>REGINA: Lower Draconian tier--
>>SOLARIS: Tier.
>>REGINA: --genetics
>>SOLARIS: Genetics.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
I think for a while
the Draconians had
taken over Earth.
As a matter of fact,
Earth access used to be--
Earth's pole used
to be aligned--
North Pole used to be aligned
with Thuban, which is in Draco.
Now it's aligned with
Polaris, as you know.
But for thousands of years,
it was aligned with Thuban
because Draconians had control
over Earth for a while.
And so there was
many experimentations
for genetic experimentations
that occurred on Earth.
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's go to your personal
experience during those wars.
>>SOLARIS: OK.
>>REGINA: And
before we start kind
of colonizing Earth,
and time frames,
and the different species
that came because we
are the potpourri,
we are the bar
at the edge of the universe.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, we are.
We kind of a nice, interesting
blend of 22 different star
races
>>REGINA: Yes.
And we'll get to quite a few
of them, but not all of them.
So what was your
personal experience?
>>SOLARIS: My understanding
from, I guess,
my own access to my own
Akashic records is that I was
an Arcturian emissary that was--
I didn't incarnate as Lyran.
When I saw myself, I
look like an Arcturian.
But because Lyra at the
time was higher dimensional,
I was able to be there
in Arcturian form.
I was there acting as
an emissary and as a,
I think, an advisor
to the Lyran council--
kind of like an
Arcturian advisor.
>>REGINA: Now, was this
when the troubles began?
Where you present?
>>SOLARIS: Oh yeah.
I remember warning the Lyrans
not to get into any agreement--
>>REGINA: Business
dealings with them.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah,
with the Draconians.
but they didn't heed
my warnings, evidently.
What I saw in my own personal
past life regression work
that I did on myself--
and it traumatized me.
It re-traumatized me.
I had to do some work around it.
But it was horrific.
When I think about how horribly
they attacked Lyra, it was--
>>REGINA: By what means?
>>SOLARIS: It was through
quite a bit of bombing, lasers,
there was troops on the ground
that was slaughtering people,
chopping them up into
different pieces.
I mean, it was just horrific.
>>REGINA: It sounds
like low-tech warfare
with high technology available.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
>>SOLARIS: It was
like they wanted
to terrorize the Lyrans
as much as possible,
which they definitely did.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
So that was-- apparently, you
didn't help them avoid that one
and back in your
role in the day.
And so after this
devastation, what happened?
When did the two split off?
And where did they go next?
>>SOLARIS: As far as?
>>REGINA: As far
as the species--
the Lyrans, for example.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
My understanding with some of
the Starfleet-- so Lyra did
have enough technology
to have Starfleet.
It was in the beginning stages.
So that's why they
were so interested
in Draconian technology.
And they didn't have
quite the weaponry
or some of the sophistication
of the Draconian ships.
But my understanding
with Avalon--
the planet Avalon--
was that most
of the fleet headed
to the Pleiades.
With Avion, they decided
to do things differently.
I think they saw the
mistakes that Avalon made
and they thought, OK,
we need to survive.
So it was all about
survival at that point.
So we're going to
split up our fleet.
Some of us are going
to head Sirius.
to head to Andromeda.
And some of us will head to
the Pleiades and other systems.
And there was actually
many more systems.
I'm just kind of using that as
a general frame of reference.
>>REGINA: And was the Lyrans.
>>SOLARIS: The Lyrans, yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
And so these beings were of a--
now, when you were talking about
the-- there were the Caucasian
Lyrans, there were there
with the blue Vegans.
>>SOLARIS: The Vegans also
got involved with the wars.
They got involved
a little bit later.
So they didn't have
quite the devastation
that Lyra had-- or the
other Lyran star systems.
But they also had
better technology.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about the psychospiritual
development, mental
development of the Lyrans.
What were their capacities?
>>SOLARIS: As far as
when they were in Lyra?
>>REGINA: When
they were in Lyra,
before they were
damaged and went
through the trauma and then
emigrated to other places.
>>SOLARIS: My understanding
with the Lyrans
is these are very
open-hearted, childlike people.
>>REGINA: Which is how
they got hoodwinked.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
They got hoodwinked.
Yeah.
And the Draconian knew it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>SOLARIS: They knew it.
When I work with people
with Lyran heritage,
these are people that feel
very connected to the land.
They love a simpler lifestyle.
A lot of them tend to--
if they do healing work,
they tend more towards herbology
or naturopathic medicine,
anything--
>>REGINA: Are they empathetic?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah,
very empathetic.
Yeah.
I would say so.
But their downside is
the naivety, the tendency
to be attracted to maybe--
let me see if I can
find the right words.
They're attracted to
relationships that are not
for their best interest.
Even with Lyrans I work
with today, a lot of them
get into very
unhealthy relationships
until they get very
well integrated.
After they do the inner work,
that's not the case anymore.
>>REGINA: Because
they're so naive
and they're thinking
this shiny thing
is going to somehow make
them better, or whole,
or offer them something
rather than learning
to develop it from within?
Or--
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
Kind of what I see
with Lyran starseeds
is that there is a sense of
incompleteness within them--
>>REGINA: I see.
>>SOLARIS: --because they
lost their star system.
So they have this feeling of,
I can never go back home again.
>>REGINA: Kind of maybe
looking for external power?
>>SOLARIS: Power.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK that makes sense.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
Thank you for sharing that part.
Now, let's take a
look at how long
ago the Reptilians came here,
where they initially resided,
what they were up to.
And then, in contrasting that,
let's take a look at how long
ago the Pleiadians arrived here
and what they were up to, just
because these are probably
the most well-known groups
to our viewer.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, absolutely.
Let's do the Reptilians first.
The Reptilians obviously
expanded their forces out
throughout the galaxy.
They didn't initially
go straight to Earth.
I think a lot of people
think, oh, you know,
they went from Draco to Earth.
I think it was kind
of a progression.
They kind of operate
towards a mindset of,
where is the most
strategic spots
and where can we
have the most power?
And so I think after the
Lyran Wars were over,
they looked at Orion.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SOLARIS: Orion is a
huge, huge constellation.
A lot of stars in Orion.
And it's in kind of a
strategic spot in our galaxy.
So they felt that, if
we can take over Orion,
it would be a very good
vantage point for them.
And Orion is really
close to Sirius.
It's close to Procyon.
It's close to Zeta Reticuli.
I mean, it has a really great
vantage point, as far as--
astronomically speaking.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SOLARIS: The
Reptilians started
creating bases and outposts in
some of the Orion star systems,
particularly Rigel,
Bellatrix, and Betelgeuse.
In the meantime,
you had the Vega--
most of the Vega people--
I didn't get a chance
to mention this before.
They were also
sending refugees out.
And their ships were heading
towards Sirius and Orion.
So there was Vega ships
that ended up in Sirius A
and also some that ended up
in the belt stars of Orion.
So these were people that--
I think there was a mixed crowd
in some of these Orion systems.
I always liken it to
Star Wars because it's--
>>REGINA: Right.
The cantina.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, the cantina.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
I always bring that up.
But it's a fun analogy
of what Orion was like.
But what I did see with Orion
is there was a lot of conflicts.
Duality consciousness
was prevalent
there because you had--
it was kind of became the
melting pot of the galaxy.
So kind of like United
States is the melting pot
of the planet, that's
how Orion was like.
And so you had all
these different beings
that were trying to
coexist with one another.
And they were squabbling over
territories, and planets,
and things like that.
And the Reptilians
obviously were
interested in conquering the
belt stars because they're
all or nothing kind of beings.
>>REGINA: Because what they do.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
They're all or nothing
kind of beings.
So these beings, I think,
work in constant conflict
with what initially
was developed--
or, eventually
what was developed
was the Black League
resistance fighters.
So these were kind of a military
force in the Orion belt stars
that were trying to
fight for their freedom
and their unification.
Now, I just want to
make really clear is
that there's no all black or
all white in these systems.
The Black League
resistance fighters
weren't necessarily all good.
And the Empire wasn't
necessarily all evil.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: I hear you.
Actually, OK, so
then at what point do
they start making
their way to Earth?
>>SOLARIS: I think
this happened--
this is my understanding, is
the Black League resistance
fighters asked for help from
the Galactic Federation.
We bring up the Galactic
Federation quite a bit,
which is an alliance
between benevolent beings
that wanted to keep peace and
unity throughout the galaxy.
And there's many different
types of beings that
are members of the Federation--
not necessarily all
humanoid either.
There's a lot of
non-humanoids that are also
members of the Federation.
The Federation started
getting more and more involved
with the Lyran conflicts, trying
to create some sense of peace
and maybe an outreach to some of
the different groups in Orion.
And this took quite a few years.
So it wasn't like
an overnight thing.
I mean, this took--
Orion has been in conflict
for millions of years.
So the Galactic Federation,
from what I saw,
helped to bring about--
and I think it was a
collaborative effort
between the Orion groups
and the Orion Light
Council, which is actually
based out of Orion nebula--
and, also, some of the Galactic
Federation, the Pleiadians,
Sirians, all of them.
They ended up creating a
sense of peace and unity
throughout the Orion system.
So Orion has become, I think,
one of the newest members
of the Galactic Federation.
>>REGINA: OK.
OK.
>>SOLARIS: But then there was
dark factions in the Orion
system that didn't necessarily
want to be part of the light.
So they had to look
for new frontiers.
>>REGINA: New terrain.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah,
for new frontiers--
new place to do their power
stuff, their power work.
>>REGINA: Well, Earth is juicy.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, juicy.
>>REGINA: It's got
a lot going on here.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: A lot of beauty,
a lot of resources,
some kind of naive human beings.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, some really
undeveloped human beings.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>SOLARIS: So Earth looked
like a really likely spot.
It looked like, yeah, we can--
yeah, it's a smaller planet.
But it's a lot
going on on Earth.
Earth was created to
be a living library.
So Earth was created to
be like this composite
of different genetics through
many different star systems.
That's why you see all
the diversity here, even
with the humans here.
We know there's a lot
of diversity here.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SOLARIS: And all of us
carry a multitude of genetics
from different statuses.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Yeah.
To your point, we
have to understand
that we have the genetics of
all of these species in us--
>>SOLARIS: Including Reptilian.
>>REGINA: Including reptilian.
We have all of this
within us because they've
been here a long time.
And as you say, not just
them, but the Reptilians
are master geneticists so they
could work with human DNA.
We had hybridized species--
we always have.
>>SOLARIS: Oh yeah, there
was hybridized species
that came out of Sirius.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: You could
even say that all
of the various features of
human beings and the races
all had various influences
from various star systems.
I think it's a
fair thing to say.
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And I think it's
important to note that
with each of these beings
come some advantages
and disadvantages in terms of
how our deep, deep psyche has
been developed over
millions of years.
So there we go.
We've talked a little bit.
They're still here.
Barbara Hand Clow's coming
out with a new book.
She's really going
further than she's ever
gone into the effect
of the Reptilians
and the fourth dimension
on planet Earth right now.
It's fabulous.
It's not out yet.
I just got a galley from her.
So we're going to take
that trip through her
as well a little later.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Now let's go to
the Pl-- speaking of Barbara,
now let's go to the Pleiades
and talk about their influence,
because you say they've been
here about 225,000 years?
>>SOLARIS: Oh yeah.
Yeah.
The Pleiadians have went through
their own similar evolution
in their history that we've
gone through here on--
that we're now currently
going through here on Earth.
So their evolution started
a million years ago.
So a million years ago, they
were struggling with a lot
of the same issues that
we have here on Earth--
maybe not quite to the extreme
that we see here on Earth,
but--
>>REGINA: As a result
of colonization,
or a split within
their own people, or--
what do--
>>SOLARIS: Both.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, both.
I think it was-- they were
expanding in their own--
so the Pleiades
is a star cluster.
And there's quite a
few different stars.
And each of these stars
have their own civilization,
their own culture under the
umbrella of the Pleiadian
unification but.
But there was also a
split in the Pleiades
where I think the
Pleiadians, because they
were trying to heal from the
wounds of their ancestors--
most of their ancestors
were Lyran refugees.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SOLARIS: And so they
dealt with trauma signatures
within their own genetics.
And so they became
ultra-focused on the light
and didn't know how to integrate
the darkness within them, which
created the split of
your positive Pleiadians
and your more rogue Pleiadians.
So a lot of people
have this misconception
that aliens are all good.
Not necessarily-- they
may look beautiful
but they're not all good.
I mean, there are
some rogue ones.
And some of the
rogue aliens ended up
joining forces with Orion.
That's a whole other story.
So there was this split.
And then they had to
find their way back
towards integration, which is
kind of what we're seeing here
on Earth right now,
where factions are very
split right now, especially
here in our country.
But we're also trying to find
our way back to integration.
>>REGINA: Do you
think that there
is a Reptilian influence
at the base of the chasm
and split in our world?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, without a doubt.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: And what
do you think their--
do you think it's
an endgame for them
because, really, their
time's coming to a close?
Or, this is just a continuation
of what they always do
and toward what end?
>>SOLARIS: I think
it's an endgame.
I think they're pulling out
all the stops at this point.
>>REGINA: That's what I feel.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, I
don't see their reign
lasting for much longer.
I think within
the next 10 years,
we're going to see a
lot of mass changes
politically,
economically, socially--
economically on
all here on Earth.
And some of it's going
to be really hard.
It's going to be hard for
people, especially those that
aren't already awakened, which
obviously doesn't include
most of your viewers on Gaia.
>>REGINA: Right.
And this is true because
one thing we're all part of
is the systems that
have been created
and that we've helped either
create or allowed to happen.
And once those
start deteriorating
to give way to
something better, people
lose the security of what
they've become comfortable
with.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, absolutely.
>>REGINA: Even right
now, just the argument
between kind of old
economy and the old way
the financial markets work,
which are just screwed up.
>>SOLARIS: Oh yeah.
>>REGINA: Now, I mean,
the stock market--
you have the worst tumult
in history in America
and the markets are
just rising by the day.
They're just having fun.
This doesn't make sense anymore.
So whatever corruption is
at the base of those system
will have to give way to
something ultimately healthier.
And then you have something like
Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies,
where people can't get
their minds around it.
Yeah, but it can't
hold anything.
And that makes people anxious.
How do I invest in something
I can't spend or hold?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So you've got
that dynamic going on.
Then you have people
saying, no, let's
go back to working together.
Let's go back to collaborating
in real ways and production.
Lot of conflicting
thoughts and ideas
going on even now that will
probably deepen, as you say,
as we go into this next
decade out of necessity,
and absolute necessity.
We have to change our systems.
>>SOLARIS: Oh yeah.
It can't continue
the way it has been.
And we saw this same evolution
throughout even prior star
systems, like Sirius.
Sirius had their own
internal conflicts.
A lot of people think
of Sirius as, oh, that's
the home of the ascended masters
and it's all love and light.
I mean, it took them millions
of years to get to that point.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SOLARIS: Same with the
Pleiades, same with Orion--
the only star systems I
think didn't go through
that similar evolution was
Andromeda and Arcturus.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And I'm going to tell you,
what I had planned here--
as you know, I have
way too many notes
because I'm so curious
about what you have to say.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: What I'd
like to do is this--
I want to get into every
one of those cultures
and how they have
lived and so forth
and their history separately.
I'd like to have you
back for another show--
>>SOLARIS: Oh, well thank you.
>>REGINA: --if
that works for you,
because there's no way we have
time to do all that in the time
left, and instead focus now--
kind of wrap up where we've
been on this history, how
they ended up here.
And then we're going
to go into the others
later, and multidimensionality,
and multidimensional contact--
interdimensional contact--
in our next show,
which I'm sure the
producers are saying,
what, we didn't plan that.
But we'll do it.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
Sounds good.
I love it.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: I want to talk
about the work you do
and why it matters to us to
know about our galactic history
as human beings and
individuals-- who ends up
on your doorstep, and maybe
a couple of stories of what
you've dealt with, what
people are dealing with,
and take us through that.
>>SOLARIS: OK.
That will be an
interesting segue.
Yeah.
The reason why--
I mean, this is just through
thousands of Akashic readings
I've done throughout
the last few years,
but I'm finding that even
though we're all ancient souls,
we've all had experiences
in multiple star systems,
multiple dimensions, we still
kind of carry the same themes,
the same lessons, the same
challenges throughout each
of our incarnations.
So as far as galactic
history is concerned,
I mentioned a little bit
about of what the Lyran
pitfalls are-- because we were
talking about that quite a bit.
I see the same thing
with other star systems,
where because of
their evolution,
they develop certain personality
traits, or a certain skill
sets, or certain mindsets.
And it's really
interesting sometimes
for me to see, oh
yes, this person--
>>REGINA: I know
where you're from.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
It's like, yeah, I
can tell where you're
from just by your personality.
>>REGINA: Well, let's
talk about that.
No naming names, of course-- but
maybe a few different clients
that have come across
your doorstep--
>>SOLARIS: Yep.
>>REGINA: --that you
found really intriguing.
>>SOLARIS: I love
Andromeda Galaxy souls.
I mean, I love all of them.
OK.
I mean, it's kind of like, who's
to say who's better the other.
But I have clients
from Andromeda Galaxy
that are very high vibrational.
But they have a
hard time fitting
into the physical
reality here on Earth.
Andromeda Galaxy, I
just want to point out,
is a different location than
Andromeda constellation.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, so Andromeda
Galaxy is the galaxy.
It's 2 million light years away.
Andromeda constellation
is 2,000 light years away.
It's the constellation.
It's within our galaxy.
So there is Andromeda
constellation people
and Andromeda Galaxy people.
The Andromeda Galaxy people
are ancient souls that are
co-creators, and they're--
usually love to
work with frequency.
But they have a hard
time sometimes navigating
around reality or
physical reality.
However, once they get aligned
with the physical reality,
their master manifestors.
So these people can
manifest almost anything.
So a lot of them
do end up becoming
quite successful at whatever
chosen work that they do.
I had a client that--
she was an energy worker.
She actually ended up becoming
a good friend of mine.
But she started off as a client.
And she's here in Denver.
And she was doing all
this energy healing.
But she didn't have
any frame of reference
or any explanation of
what she was doing.
>>REGINA: Right.
She just knew how to do it.
>>SOLARIS: She just
knew how to do it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SOLARIS: And so she had
an Akashic reading with me.
And so we kind of
did an exchange
where she would
do a healing on me
and I would do an
Akashic reading on her.
And I told her, oh yes,
you're from Andromeda Galaxy
and frequency work
is natural for you.
I mean, you don't
even need tools.
You're just channeling
in those frequencies
from the Andromeda Galaxy.
And she was fascinated by this.
And then when she was
doing a healing on me,
I was seeing images of
the Andromeda Galaxy.
And I was telling
her, holy cow, girl,
you're bringing in
some frequencies.
And she's one of the most
phenomenal energy healers
I've ever encountered.
>>REGINA: Oh my god,
that's wonderful.
>>SOLARIS: She can heal
people of back pain--
I mean, all kinds of illnesses.
She's a super phenomenal--
but what she got out
of her interaction with me was
an understanding of why she is
the way she is the way she is.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
That's fascinating.
OK.
Let's talk about
a couple others,
like a maybe Pleiadian
encounter-- again,
because everyone knows them--
a Pleiadian being and what
their challenges might be,
and if you had some
Reptilian clients.
>>SOLARIS: I have, actually.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SOLARIS: We'll do the
Pleiadian first though.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SOLARIS: So I had a
Pleiadians client who--
she was a dog groomer.
Pleiadians are empathic people.
They're empathic with a
capital E. They love animals.
They love to work with animals.
And she was struggling
in her relationships.
She was always attracted
to narcissistic men.
And she didn't
understand why she was
falling into the same patterns.
And so I did a reading for her.
And I said, well, you're
from the Pleiades.
And in the Pleiades,
relationships are very open.
It's not uncommon for
Pleiadians on the Pleiades
to have polyamorous
relationships.
But they're also very, very
devoted in their relationships.
And because Pleiadian starseeds
tend to be very empathic
and they see the
potential in everybody--
I mean, it sounds like a
co-dependency type of thing--
they take on these projects.
They're like you know, oh wow,
I see the potential in this guy.
I really love him.
And I think if I just worked
with him and helped him heal,
we'll be good together.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SOLARIS: But it never
works out like that.
So it's not like
that in the Pleiades.
But when they come
here to Earth,
they don't realize that,
hey, not everybody on Earth
is like they are
in the Pleiades.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
Different pool to choose from.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, absolutely.
>>REGINA: So this
particular client--
it was kind of like the light
bulb went off in her head.
And she said, oh, I'm
going to change everything.
I'm going to change everything.
So now I think she's
embarking on some healthier
relationships.
But what was
fascinating about her,
too, is that she brought all
her kids in-- all her adult kids
in for readings.
>>REGINA: And they
were open to that.
Oh yeah.
No, they were--
>>REGINA: Cool.
>>SOLARIS: I mean,
they came as a family.
>>REGINA: They probably
saw the changes in her.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, absolutely.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>SOLARIS: And she made
some physical changes too.
I think she lost some weight,
took care of her health.
And so yeah, they
absolutely were open to it.
And all her kids were from
different star systems,
which was kind of fun.
Yeah, it was a fun group.
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's get to the
Reptilian clients.
What happened there?
I do get a few
reptilian clients.
And is there a pattern to
what they struggle with?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah,
there is, actually.
Reptilians are not
comfortable with expression--
expressing of themselves
because they've
gone through years
of evolution of being
hunted down and killed,
especially here on Earth.
So a lot of my Reptilian
clients usually
want to keep their
sessions really private.
And this includes people
with Reptilian influences
in their genetics, like the
Anunnaki-- that sort of thing.
We can talk a whole
other topic on--
>>REGINA: Let me write that
down for our next conversation.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, Anunnaki--
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SOLARIS: That's a whole group.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, we can
go down many rabbit holes
with that one.
>>REGINA: All right.
>>SOLARIS: But usually, they
struggle with feeling accepted.
And I know that sounds kind of
weird coming from Reptilians.
but most of my reptilian
clients are more dragon caste.
>>REGINA: I see.
>>SOLARIS: So there's a
gentler energy to them.
They're not as warrior-like.
They're not as aggressive.
A lot of them come to
be teachers and healers.
Reptilians are amongst
the most gifted healers
that you'll ever find.
I mean, it's like the
destructive capabilities that
they have when they're on
their dark aspects turn
into restorative
capabilities when they're--
>>REGINA: When they go light.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, absolutely.
I actually have some clients
who have Reptilian guides.
And they're the most
beautiful energy.
They have this
beautiful green energy.
It's just like you just want
to bathe in their greenness.
>>REGINA: It's so nice that
you're bringing that in--
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: --because people
that know about that species
tend to have so much
resistance and fear in general
toward them.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
I personally don't
feel any ani--
even though I perished
during the Lyran wars
millions of years ago, I
could hold a real big grudge
against reptilians.
I don't really hold a
grudge against them.
I see them as being like humans.
There's good ones.
There's bad ones.
You just have to use
discernment when you know you're
operating in the higher realms.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Maybe give us one more example
of a client from another place,
because we're going to
go to all these places
in our next conversation.
>>SOLARIS: Sounds good.
Let me check in on
a recent one I did.
Oh, I had a client who--
she actually been at a
lot of different places.
She started off in Lyra.
She had this twin
flame relationship.
This is one of the videos
on my YouTube channel,
so people that listen to
this or watch this show
can access her full story.
But she had this--
she was holding a flame
for this twin flame.
She's holding a candle for him,
like for 30 years, because she
felt like she had this--
she had this contract with him.
>>REGINA: Is someone known
to her or not known to her?
>>SOLARIS: Oh no, she knew him.
>>REGINA: She knew this person.
OK.
>>SOLARIS: They met in college.
And they had this relationship.
But he ended up
marrying somebody else.
She married somebody else.
But they stayed in touch.
But she was holding a
candle for this guy.
And he was always kind
of stringing her along.
And it was breaking her heart,
because she ended her marriage
and he ended his,
but he was still
connected with the ex-wife.
And he was quite wealthy.
He was, I think, a CEO.
He had quite a bit
of position of power.
And what I saw in the records
with them was that he spent
lifetimes being a healer
on Earth, but he was poor.
He was destitute.
And so in this lifetime,
he made a different choice.
He wanted to experience
abundance and wealth.
So he knew that if he went
back to his original old flame,
he wasn't going to have that
abundance and wealth that he
had with the ex-wife.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
Interesting.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Well,
there's just so much.
It's fascinating, all of it.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: We have so
much more to go over,
which we'll do in another hour
conversation at a later date.
We'll bring you back here.
>>SOLARIS: OK.
Sounds good.
>>REGINA: And I just
want to thank you
for your dedication to
chronicling things the way
you have.
>>SOLARIS: Thank you.
>>REGINA: I found your
site just wonderful.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, thank you.
>>REGINA: And it has all
these fabulous graphics on it.
And you can go into the
back stories, some of which
we talked about today--
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: --and we
will be talking about.
So yeah, thank you for
the hard work you do.
And it's just-- of course, to
me it's fun and fascinating--
anything that gives us more
knowledge of who we are
as a species and where
we might be going to--
>>SOLARIS: And how it has an
impact on us personally too.
>>REGINA: And how-- yes,
absolutely-- personally,
as well Thank you
so much, Debbie.
>>SOLARIS: Thank you
for having me here.
It has been a real pleasure.
I really appreciate your
interest in my work.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Thank you.
Fascinating topic.
You can look further
into Debbie's work
at a very artistically
illustrated website,
debbiesolaris.com.
You might also
enjoy my interviews
with Barbara Hand Clow,
also on Reptilians
and other dimensional beings
here in the Gaia Archives.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."